examples/README.md, before:

# Goose Examples

This directory contains examples that demonstrate the key features of the Goose framework.

## Example Files

1. **Structured LLM Interactions** (`01_structured_responses.py`)  
   Demonstrates how to create structured response types and ensure that LLM outputs conform to the expected schema.

2. **Task Orchestration** (`02_task_orchestration.py`)  
   Shows how to create multiple tasks and orchestrate them in a flow to create a multi-step workflow.

3. **Stateful Conversations** (`03_stateful_conversations.py`)  
   Demonstrates how to maintain conversation history across multiple interactions with a task.

4. **Result Caching** (`04_result_caching.py`)  
   Showcases how Goose automatically caches results based on input hashing and only regenerates results when inputs change.

5. **Iterative Refinement** (`05_iterative_refinement.py`)  
   Shows how to refine a structured result by providing feedback and using the refine method to improve it.

6. **Result Validation** (`06_result_validation.py`)  
   Demonstrates how Goose validates model outputs against expected schemas and handles validation errors.

7. **Run Persistence** (`07_run_persistence.py`)  
   Shows how Goose can save and restore flow runs, allowing for resuming work or reviewing past executions.

8. **Custom Logging** (`08_custom_logging.py`)  
   Demonstrates how to implement custom loggers to track metrics about LLM interactions.

## Running the Examples

Each example is a standalone Python file that can be run directly:

```bash
python examples/01_structured_responses.py
```

Note that these examples require the following dependencies:
- Python 3.12+
- Goose framework
- aikernel
- pydantic

The examples use the Gemini 2.0 Flash model, so you'll need appropriate API credentials configured.

Commit message:

docs: update examples README to clarify mock implementation usage and dependencies

examples/README.md, after:

# Goose Examples

This directory contains examples that demonstrate the key features of the Goose framework.

## Example Files

1. **Structured LLM Interactions** (`01_structured_responses.py`)  
   Demonstrates how to create structured response types and ensure that LLM outputs conform to the expected schema.

2. **Task Orchestration** (`02_task_orchestration.py`)  
   Shows how to create multiple tasks and orchestrate them in a flow to create a multi-step workflow.

3. **Stateful Conversations** (`03_stateful_conversations.py`)  
   Demonstrates how to maintain conversation history across multiple interactions with a task.

4. **Result Caching** (`04_result_caching.py`)  
   Showcases how Goose automatically caches results based on input hashing and only regenerates results when inputs change.

5. **Iterative Refinement** (`05_iterative_refinement.py`)  
   Shows how to refine a structured result by providing feedback and using the refine method to improve it.

6. **Result Validation** (`06_result_validation.py`)  
   Demonstrates how Goose validates model outputs against expected schemas and handles validation errors.

7. **Run Persistence** (`07_run_persistence.py`)  
   Shows how Goose can save and restore flow runs, allowing for resuming work or reviewing past executions.

8. **Custom Logging** (`08_custom_logging.py`)  
   Demonstrates how to implement custom loggers to track metrics about LLM interactions.

## Running the Examples

Each example is a standalone Python file that can be run directly:

```bash
python examples/01_structured_responses.py
```

### Note About Example Implementation

These examples use mock implementations to demonstrate Goose's patterns without requiring API keys or making actual LLM calls. In real implementations, you would:

1. Configure your LLM API credentials
2. Replace the mock implementations with actual LLM calls
3. Adapt prompts and models as needed

The code structure, flow orchestration, and type handling shown in these examples accurately reflect how you would use Goose with real LLM integrations.

## Dependencies

- Python 3.12+
- Goose framework
- aikernel
- pydantic

The examples use the Gemini 2.0 Flash model, so you'll need appropriate API credentials configured.
